# Contributing

Ember component patterns aims to provide a baseline documentation of best practices for building interactive user interfaces using Ember JS. By highlighting these practices, this repo also is intended to highlight and discourage the use of anti-patterns in Ember apps.

Contributions of all types are welcome. Whether filing issues, testing components against screen readers, submitting examples of anti-patterns or contributing to the code base, all PRs are welcome. It is preferred that each PR be linked to a documented issue, though this is not strictly neccessary if there is no issue for a given PR.

## Getting started

In order to contribute to this repo, please follow the following steps.
1. Install [`ember-cli`](https://cli.emberjs.com/release/) globally.
1. Clone this repo.
1. `cd ember-component-patterns` and `npm install` dependencies.
1. Run `ember s` from within the repo to serve the project locally.

## Guidelines for contribution
### JS based PRs
- Contributions to this repo must follot the [Ember Octane](https://emberjs.com/editions/octane) paradigm.
- Each new file - whether a route, component, template or controller - should be generated using the `ember g` command.
- New functionality should be accompanied by a useful test built off the test generated by Ember.
- All new functionality should pass a Lighthouse accessibility audit as a baseline for the PR to be merged.
- Extended functionality such as accordions, tabs and modals should have expected keyboard behavior as specified by WCAG.

### Styling PRs
- This repo utilizes [`ember-cli-sass`](https://cli.emberjs.com/release/advanced-use/stylesheets/#scsssass) and styling based PRs should utilize `scss` partials and existing variables where possible.
- This repo utilizes the [BEM](http://getbem.com/) CSS class naming convention and styling based PRs should conform to this syntax.